Axon Framework 4.4 new features (#156)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: release-notes/rn-axon-framework/rn-af-major-releases.md

All the enhancements and features which have been introduced to our major releases of the Axon Framework are noted here.

## Release 4.4

### _Enhancements_

* Axon Framework can now be used in conjunction with [Spring Boot Developer Tools](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/1.5.16.RELEASE/reference/html/using-boot-devtools.html).
  You can simply achieve this by adding the required dev-tools dependency to your project.

* As a partial solution to [#1106](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues/1106), Axon Server can now be used to schedule events.
  Building an `AxonServerEventScheduler` as the `EventScheduler` implementation as defined through the builder is sufficient to start with scheduling events through Axon Server.
  

> * An `EventTrackerStatusChangeListener` can now be configured for a `TrackingEventProcessor`, as was request in [#1338](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues/1338).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An `EventTrackerStatusChangeListener` can now be configured for a `TrackingEventProcessor`, as was requested in [#1338](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues/1338).
```

>   It can be configured through the `TrackingEventProcessorConfiguration`, allowing users to react upon status changes of each thread processing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can be configured through the `TrackingEventProcessorConfiguration`, allowing users to react upon status changes of each thread processing event.
```

Author: This is actually intended as plural, as a thread will handle several events. I'll change it up to "event messages" to be clearer on this fact.

* Component specific message handler interceptors can now be defined through a dedicated annotation: the `@MessageHandlerInterceptor` annotation.

>   This annotation allows you to introduce specific logic do be invoked _prior_ to entering the message handling function or after invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This annotation allows you to introduce a specific logic do be invoked _prior_ to entering the message handling function or after invocation.
```

>   It for example allows the additional introduction of a `@ExceptionHandler` annotation, allowing you to specific deal with the exceptions thrown from your message handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It for example allows the additional introduction of a `@ExceptionHandler` annotation, allowing you to specifically deal with the exceptions thrown from your message handlers.
```

  The original pull request can be found under [#1394](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/pull/1394).
  For more specifics on using this annotation, check ou the [@MessageHandlerInterceptor](../../axon-framework/messaging-concepts/message-intercepting.md#messagehandlerinterceptor) section.

> * Configuring a `Snapshotter` and `SnapshotFilter` has been simplified in this release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuring a `Snapshotter` and `SnapshotFilter` have been simplified in this release. 
```

  Pull request [#1447](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/pull/1447) shares the load of allowing for distinct `Snapshotter` configuration.
  Issue [#1391](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues/1391) describes the intent to the configuration of snapshot filtering to be performed on Aggregate level.
  The former can be configured through the `Configurer`, whereas the latter is by usage of the `AggregateConfigurer`.

### _Bug Fixes_

> * The `AggregateTestFixture` was wrongfully noting an old method in one of its exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `AggregateTestFixture` was incorrectly noting an old method in one of its exceptions.
```

  This has been marked and resolved in [#1428](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues/1428).

> * The `CommandValidator` and `EventValidator` had a minor discrepancy, namely the `CommandValidator` cleared out contained commands upon starting whereas the `EventValidator` didn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `CommandValidator` and `EventValidator` had a minor discrepancy; namely, the `CommandValidator` cleared out contained commands upon starting whereas the `EventValidator` didn't.
```

  Pull request [#1438](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/pull/1438) resolved the problem at hand. 

For a full list of all the feature request and enhancements done for release 4.4, you can check out [this](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/milestone/45?closed=1) page.

## Release 4.3

### _Enhancements_

> * Aggregate Polymorphism has been introduced, allowing for an aggregate hierarchy as would come natural from a domain model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Aggregate Polymorphism has been introduced, allowing for an aggregate hierarchy to come naturally from a domain model.
```

  To set this up, the `AggregateConfigurer#withSubtypes(Class... aggregates)` method can be used.
  In a Spring environment, an aggregate class hierarchy will be detected automatically.
  For more details on this feature, read up on it [here](../../axon-framework/axon-framework-commands/modeling/aggregate-polymorphism.md).

> * An Axon application will now shutdown more gracefully then it used to in previous releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Axon application will now shutdown more gracefully than it did in the previous releases.
```

### _Enhancements_

* The `TrackingEventProcessor` now has an API to split and merge `TrackingTokens` during runtime of an application.
  Axon Server has additions to the UI to split and merge a given Tracking Event Processor's tokens.

* Next to [Dropwizard](https://metrics.dropwizard.io/4.0.0/) metrics the framework now also supports [Micrometer](https://micrometer.io/) metrics.
  The `MessageMonitor` interface is used to allow integration with Micrometer.
  Lastly, we are incredibly thankful that this has been introduced as a community contribution.

* Primitive types are now supported as `@QueryHandler` return types.

> * In a similar fashion as the `CommandGateway` and `QueryGateway` we have introduced the `EventGateway`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have introduced the `EventGateway` in a similar fashion as the `CommandGateway` and `QueryGateway`.
```
